update-documentation: add aws sub account usage (#10)
meetup/BrazeTransifexServerless: README.md

```
sls deploy --stage <stage> --TX_USER someuser --TX_PASSWORD supersecurepassword --BRAZE_ENDPOINT https://rest.braze.com --BRAZE_API_KEY 1234abcd
```

> If you want to attach the lambdas in a specific sub account in aws then you can add your new credentials for the sub account in `~/.aws/credentials`. This is what your profile should contain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to attach the lambdas in a specific sub account in aws then you can add your new credentials for the sub account in `~/.aws/config`. This is what your profile should contain
```

```
[some-name-to-use]
role_arn = arn:aws:iam::<your aws sub account id>:<your role>
source_profile = <prod or dev>

> region = <your region> // this is medantory, because without it throws errors from time to time

Reviewer: ```suggestion
region = <your region> // this is recommended as your sub account may exist in a different region than your `source_profile`
```

role_session_name = <your name> // this is mainly for tracking mesures 
```
After you setup your credentials for the sub account you can run 
`AWS_PROFILE=some-name-to-use sls deploy --stage <your stage prod or dev>`

> You have to wait a while and after that this will create the lambdas in your sub account

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have to wait a while, once completed the lambdas should exist in your sub account
```
